feat(cloudtrail): create cloudwatch event without needing to create a Trail (#8076)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-cloudtrail/README.md

// Add an event selector to log data events for the provided Lambda functions.
trail.addLambdaEventSelector([lambdaFunction.functionArn]);
```

> Using the `Trail.onEvent()` API, a Cloudwatch event rule can be created that gets triggered for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `Trail.onEvent()` API, an EventBridge rule can be created that gets triggered for
```

might be for a different PR
motivation: consistency with upcoming change in #8020

every event logged in CloudTrail.
To only use the events that are of interest, either from a particular service, specific account or

> time range, they can be filtered down using the APIs available in `aws-events`. The following code

Reviewer: which APIs? is `addEventPattern` the only one or are there others?

Author: That's the only one. I don't want to expand too much and hope the user would go to the aws-events module to learn more.

Reviewer: I think that's reasonable.

> filters events for S3 and from a specific AWS account and triggers a lambda function. See [Events Delivered via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
filters events for S3 from a specific AWS account and triggers a lambda function. See [Events delivered via
```

alternatively if we want to be consistent with the docs that it points to, also capitalize `Via`

CloudTrail](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/events/EventTypes.html#events-for-services-not-listed)
to learn more about the event structure for events from CloudTrail.

```ts
import * as cloudtrail from '@aws-cdk/aws-cloudtrail';
import * as eventTargets from '@aws-cdk/aws-events-targets';
import * as lambda from '@aws-cdk/aws-lambda';

const myFunctionHandler = new lambda.Function(this, 'MyFunction', {
  code: lambda.Code.fromAsset('resource/myfunction');
  runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_12_X,
  handler: 'index.handler',
});

> const event = Trail.onEvent(this, 'MyCloudWatchEvent', {
>   target: new eventTargets.LambdaFunction(myFunctionHandler),
> });
> 
> event.addEventPattern({

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const rule = Trail.onEvent(this, 'MyCloudWatchEvent', {
  target: new eventTargets.LambdaFunction(myFunctionHandler),
});

rule.addEventPattern({
```

motivation: the `onEvent` API does not give us back an event, it returns a rule that we can add filtering on
